well I got a new their tattoo man is
pretty where's brand-new Oh what up the
great one Billy it's big sad again we're
questions big SIDS kicking all your
asses with questions by the way because
he's bigger than everyone has one brain
power how big are you big said if you
can choose one tattooing style to do the
rest of your career what would it be and
why I already have oriental
neo-traditional japo daddy Zach so what
I do I also love some neo-traditional
Americana I don't get to do much of that
anymore because people come to me so
much for my oriental but i absolutely
love doing that too because after you
study something for 10 years you're kind
of stuff but you know they like I
started just in really really loving
oriental stuff and you know I've
literally been studying the shit from
like 12 years so yeah what did you paint
the whole deal so if you know I love it
it's them it's amazing the flow that you
can create and the energy that you can
make and the tension that you can make
and you know you can do something
totally peaceful and passive or you can
do something this crazy and full
attention and darling so it's all so it
covers all spectrum it looks good on the
body because you can twist things to the
way you want them fit the body more
naturally you know Chase has a very
skinny arm I got kind of a bigger arm
get two different tattoos right there
you know what I mean which most people
don't take into consideration but that's
what I love to do is that's what I do
big said and then at the end of big said
email it said PS here's some boobies
they said coming through with the
boobies Eric listen people they said
it's coming through with the buoys okay
somebody somebody sent me some boobies
from Texas i think i remember there were
nice boobies no more fat movies no more
fat babies everybody sending me fat
boobs why why chase why fat girls are
usually they have something to prove
cross no more fat boobies I don't want
anybody like the vest just comment on
the bed let me know we got to go because
it's thanksgiving and we're trying to
give thanks so we also have to go kill
that turkey GS with the shotgun that we
just got all right America Australia
Switzerland Thailand Canada France your
nation where to do 10 years I dude from
Borneo hooking it hit me up yesterday
pretty sweet who else here uruguay
uruguay and Chechnya to all the rake
fighters chuckles Lafayette my heart's
with you I'll see you guys